(theme music playing)
The Toccoa men, that's
the ones that was there
at the very beginning.
They are very close and, uh,
they accept people
coming in like myself,
as a replacement,
but you also had
to prove yourself.
Most of them were, we know
were qualified parachutists.
They had to be.
A lot of them
were awfully green,
and we knew that.
We just-- We hoped
we could keep 'em alive
or they could keep alive,
a lot of 'em didn't.
But, uh, well, all right,
they eventually...
blend right in.
I think maybe
they were trying to impress
the older guys,
people like me or Shifty...
I don't know why,
but I got right there
to where I didn't want
to be friendly
with replacements coming in
because, God, I didn't like
seeing 'em get killed.
I just... it just tore me up.
'Cause we were
in awe of them.
They were, they were wearing
infantry badges, you know,
the uniform.
They had a star
on their jump wings.
They, uh...
They were like heroes
to us, you know?
That's how we looked at them.
And they were good.
Furthermore,
they were good.
We had good officers,
for the most part,
But we had excellent NCOs.
They looked,
they looked after you.
(men chattering)
All right, now,
Lieutenant, nice and easy.
We've still got a shot.
(groaning)
Tough break,
you're having
a tough night.
People have
tough nights.
Sorry, George.
It's all right.
Nice shot, sir.
Thank you, Bull.
Thank you,
Lieutenant.
Finish me up.
All right, Heff.
What does need?
Double seven.
Here he goes.
(groaning)
Hey, there it is!
You're embarrassing
the Lieutenant, here.
Have a drink.
Oh, don't mind
if I do, Sarge.
Better start
winning money soon,
I think your buddies are
starting to miss you.
Yeah, they do look
kind of sad, don't they?
Randleman:
They're just serious
fighting men, that's all.
Well, I think I'm gonna
go introduce myself.
Careful what
you say now.
Don't take much
to set my guys off.
Yeah, and you got
some wild-eyed killers
right there, Bull.
You know, it's a good thing
we weren't gambling.
Oh, boy, we would've
gotten killed.
Wanna bet?
What?
You wanna bet?
No, I don't really know
much about gambling.
Hey, come on.
First one to hit
the bull's-eye?
Yeah, one shot,
one shot.
Yeah?
Make it two.
Two packs.
All right, two packs.
Here we go, one shot.
Here we go.
Hey, fellas.
What do you hear?
What do you say?
Actually, that's Babe's seat,
Private Heffron's.
Is that right?
I don't care if
it's fucking Eisenhower's.
Who are you?
Private Miller,
James Miller.
I'm in
Sergeant Randleman's squad.
Us too,
I'm Les Hashey.
Tony...
Garcia, I know
who you are.
Old gonorrhea
don't miss nothing.
Lieutenant, are you gonna
shoot lefty all night?
Hey, come on.
Just curious 'cause
he's right-handed.
George, what would I do
without, George Luz?
Boop!
Ooh!
Goodness gracious.
Two packs,
gentlemen.
I know you
got 'em, pay up.
So, Heffron tell you
about Doris yet?
No.
No?
Well, then I'm gonna
educate you.
We're getting ready
to get on a plane
for that first Frog town
we never jumped into.
All of a sudden, Heffron
stops dead in his tracks.
Bing and a bang
and a boom,
Everybody banging
into each other,
Heffron's just starin' up
at the nose of the plane
because on it is painted
this beautiful pinup.
And written underneath
"Darling Doris."
Doris, which just happens
to be the name of the skirt
who just that day, sent Babe
one of them letters.
You know the...
Web, what do you call them
letters that the broads send?
Uh, "Dear John" letter.
That's it,
a "Dear Babe" letter.
Well, anyway, lucky for Babe,
Patton overruns our drop zone.
Mission canceled,
in other words,
Babe don't have to risk
getting inside
old Doris again.
Hah!
Hey, Bull, your squad
listens up real good.
Yeah, they're being polite
like whenever Bull opens
his mouth.
Johnny, what are
you saying?
Bull's boys are
just humoring him?
Yeah, like whenever
he gives out some
of his folksy wisdom
from back down
on the farm.
Probably think
he's a fucking hayseed.
Ain't that right?
What are you
laughing at?
You new boys,
you pay attention
to Sergeant Randleman.
Got that?
That's the smartest man
in the company.
Hey, Mac.
Where'd you get that?
It's a Presidential
Distinguished Unit Citation.
For, uh...
For what the regiment
did in Normandy.
That's right,
for what the regiment did.
You weren't there.
Hey, hey,
ease up, Cobb, mmm?
It's a unit citation.
Shit, Cobb.
You didn't fight
in Normandy neither.
I got hit in the plane
before I got a chance to jump.
Hey, y'all,
listen up.
I got us
an announcement to make.
This here is
Carwood Lipton.
He's already married,
Smokey.
This here is
Carwood Lipton,
the new Easy Company
first sergeant.
(cheering and applause)
As befitting
this position,
he says he has to make
an announcement.
Well, hate to break
the mood here, boys,
but, uh...
we're moving out again.
♪ ♪
As you can see...
this is called
Operation Market Garden.
In terms of airborne
divisions involved,
this one's even
bigger than Normandy.
We're dropping deep
into occupied Holland.
The Allied objective is
to take this road here,
between Eindhoven
and Arnhem,
so, that two British armored
divisions can move up it
toward Arnhem.
Our job is gonna be
to liberate Eindhoven.
Stay there,
wait for the tanks.
Nixon:
The entire European advance
has been put on hold
to allocate resources
for this operation.
It's Montgomery's
personal plan,
we'll be under
British command.
The good news is,
if this works,
these tanks will be over
the Rhine and into Germany.
It could end the war
and get us home by Christmas.
(murmuring)
It'll be a day-time jump.
Intelligence doesn't
expect much opposition.
They think the Krauts
in Holland are mostly
kids and old men.
And we should
take 'em by surprise.
In any case,
say goodbye to England.
I don't think they're
gonna call this one off.
What are you doing?
Cobb, look.
Watch and learn, kids.
You wanna live?
Jump ready to fight.
(horn honks)
♪ ♪
They let you out of
the hospital like that, boy?
They didn't let me out,
I busted out.
I didn't wanna get reassigned
to some other unit.
Yeah?
Can you make the jump?
Oh, sure I can, Lip.
I just can't sit.
Welcome back, Popeye.
Thanks, Bull.
Popeye went AWOL
just in time to jump.
What's he doing here?
Who, Sobel?
Well, he's the newly
appointed regimental S-4.
Supply officer?
Yeah, you got it.
He picked me up
in Aldbourne,
trying to find you guys.
He know you went AWOL?
He knows.
He just said
I was lucky,
I could sit out
this jump if I wanted.
I said I didn't want to.
So, he says
"hop in."
"Hop in"?
Yeah, I know, I couldn't
believe it either.
Hey, maybe he's gonna
court-martial me later, huh?
Let's get you
some gear.
Hey, Mal.
Over there.
Son of a bitch.
Malarkey.
Sergeant Malarkey.
Sir?
You thought you'd
get away with it?
What do
you mean, sir?
Sergeant, that motorcycle is
United States Army property.
That may not mean
anything to you,
but it means
something to me.
Where'd you find it?
That's him
all right.
Who is he, Sarge?
He was our first CO.
What happened?
Got promoted.
Just tap my leg,
Sergeant.
Lieutenant, you'll be
in the doorway.
Yeah, I know, but...
Look, Sergeant,
you'll be the man behind me.
When the green
light comes on,
if you could just
tap me, all right?
The green light will
be next to you, sir.
Just do it,
that's an order.
Come here, come here.
Sling it up and down,
and when you hit ground,
your knee will
hit the butt,
the business end will
break your jaw. All right?
Lose your reserve,
you won't need it,
we're jumping low.
Take your belly band
and wrap it around you,
you're fine.
♪ ♪
(airplanes buzzing)
Come on.
I'm sorry, Sarge.
Don't be sorry.
Grab your rifle,
let's go.
♪ ♪
Where'd you get
that from, Hoobler?
I think
I love Holland.
Where'd you
get these?
That farmhouse
over there.
Just sitting
out in the open.
I don't know,
maybe they were
expecting us.
(plane roaring)
Boys?
Whoo! Made it.
I wonder if
they hit anything.
(planes roaring)
Goodbye air support.
There's some kind
of holdup ahead.
We're going in through
this field here.
Move out!
Able Company, let's go!
Let's go!
Move it, move it!
You won't be able
to shoot as straight
with that thing on.
(clattering)
(dogs barking)
Okay, hold your fire.
(cheering, singing)
(chatter, laughter)
Hey, kid.
Hey, Bull! Bull,
you seen Captain Winters?
No. Why?
Keep your squad moving.
(chattering,
singing continues)
Where are all the Germans?
They could
be anywhere.
Keep moving!
Pardon me.
Come on, lady.
Dick,
the clock's ticking.
Yeah.
Thank you.
Thank you, girlie.
Dank you. Dank you.
Thank you. Very kind.
What's up, Welshy?
Snipers.
We've gotta get
to these bridges.
(chattering)
All right.
Hashey.
(chattering)
Hey, watch this.
Sergeant Talbert.
Let's move.
We've got work to do.
(crowd singing)
(crowd singing, chanting)
(woman wailing)
(crowd chanting)
What did they do?
They slept with
the Germans.
They are lucky.
The men who collaborated
are being shot.
Mr. Van Kooijk here is
with the Dutch Resistance.
We've been waiting
and hoping for this day...
for almost
five years.
Says he can help us
secure the bridges here.
Yes. Together we can push
the remaining Germans
out of Eindhoven.
And that's just
the beginning.
Any idea where
they might be?
Ah, well, we're still
working on that right now.
Peers and his friends here
are gathering information
as we speak.
Nixon:
His contacts,
a couple of towns down,
Said they saw
the British 2nd
and Guards Armored
move through,
half an hour ago.
They're kids.
These are reliable reports.
Anything we can do
to help you, we will do.
Anything.
(cheering)
Right on time.
Captain.
I'll be happy to show you
the quickest route
to the bridges.
I'd be happy
to have your help.
Get scouts
to the edge of town
in case we're here
for the night.
Hey, Van Klinken.
Webster.
Sleeping outside
is for suckers, guys.
Better be good,
I was almost asleep.
(door clattering)
Heraus. Hande hoch.
Mach schnell.
Niederlander!
Sprechen sie English?
Ja. A little bit.
What were you
doing down there?
It's an air-raid shelter.
My family has been in there
ever since the first plane
flew over.
We're, uh...
We're Americans.
Paratroopers.
The Germans...
are gone?
Think so.
You see any,
you let us know.
Are you here
to stay?
Mm-hmm.
As long as
we have to.
Yeah, they don't
tell us very much.
Or feed us much.
Please... wait here.
You see that?
I say screw Paris.
Hey, don't talk about
screwing, all right?
They all speak English.
They all love us.
What a fantastic country.
Hey, take a look.
Here, take.
Danke.
Hey, are these olives?
Thanks, danke.
Ja, komme vidas
ist gut.
Zigaretten?
Ja.
♪ ♪
He never
tasted chocolate.
It's pretty good,
isn't it?
♪ ♪
Oh, man,
you know...
I hate eggs!
Here, Sarge, you can
have this one.
Vincent Van Gogh
was born in Nuenen.
Yeah? So what?
Sure teach a lot of
useful stuff at Harvard.
♪ ♪
Mellet.
Hey, get a load of
General Patton.
What the hell's
he doing?
Makes quite a target,
don't he?
Lieutenant!
(bullet thuds)
Sniper!
Sarge!
Clear the track!
Move it!
Get behind the tanks!
Get down there!
Come on, come on!
(bullets whiz, thud)
Come on, get in the ditch!
(German soldiers scream)
Medic up front!
What should we do?
Keep down,
stay still.
Keep moving!
Get up!
Get down! Keep moving!
(groans)
Let's go! Move!
Move! Move! Keep moving!
They'll shoot
at stationary targets! Move!
Bull (echoing):
Let's move!
To the farmhouse,
deploy right.
(dogs barking)
Take the right side.
Right.
Go.
Go on.
Kraut!
(shouting in German)
Shit.
Move! God damn it, move!
Go! Come on! Come on!
(shouting)
Van Klinken:
What's he saying?
He said, "Away, away,"
which either means that
the Germans have gone
or he wants us to go.
I don't know.
(dog barking)
Go, go!
(whistles)
Ramirez!
Beat it!
All right, fellas,
set 'em up.
Tiger.
Shit!
Heffron, on me.
Stay low.
You got
a can opener, babe?
Afraid I don't,
Sarge.
We've got
a Kraut tank,
100 yards on the left,
by the haystack.
I don't see him.
Put a couple of shells
through that building,
You gonna see him
real good.
I can't.
My orders are no unnecessary
destruction of property.
I'm telling you,
he's right there.
I believe you,
but if I can't see the bugger,
I can't bloody well
shoot him, can I?
Are you staying
or going?
He's gonna see
you real soon.
What the hell's
he doing?
Forward,
roll tank!
(shouting in German)
Fall back!
Go!
Feuer!
Fall back!
Take cover!
(shouting in German)
There's a ditch
on the other side.
Follow me through.
Van Klinken!
Bull!
Fall back! Fall back! Go!
(shouting in German)
Rifle grenade!
Schmidt, MG42.
Ten o'clock,
nail 'em.
Fire!
(soldiers shouting in German)
We had to leave him.
It's okay--
He's still alive!
Who's hurt?
Van Klinken.
Other side of
that hedge.
Uh-huh.
Oh, shit!
Okay, ready.
Fall back, fall back,
fall back!
(shouting in German)
Pull back, Alley!
Pull back!
Go!
Webster, take over.
Yeah, where?
We have to get him
to the rear.
What are we gonna do,
Lieutenant?
I'm not sure.
Sir, they're about
to outflank us.
We gotta get
outta here!
(missile whistling)
Mortar!
We have infantry
everywhere.
Repeat, armor
has cut the road.
We are covered
in infantry.
We are pulling back.
Luz, fall back!
Luz,
fall back!
(missile whistling)
Hash, where's Randleman?
I don't know,
Sarge.
Get out of here!
Miller!
Come on.
Hashey, let's go!
Stay low! Get down!
(grunts)
Medic!
Go, get a medic!
Keep moving!
Hey, Doc.
Lieutenant.
It's gone right
through, Buck.
Side-to-side,
both cheeks.
Malarkey, get 'em
out of here, go!
What?!
Just... leave me here
for the Germans.
What?
Are you nuts?
We'll carry you.
Are you kiddin' me?
I weigh more than both
of you two guys combined.
Come on.
What the hell
are you doing?
Help us!
Get back to the tank!
(grunting)
(missile whistling)
Keep moving,
keep low!
Let's go, let's go.
Come on, up you go.
One Bullet, four holes.
Yeah, it's almost
a miracle.
Lip, I don't think we know
where Bull is, man.
Sergeant!
Sir!
Let's go! Let's go!
Let's go!
Keep moving!
Move 'em out,
let's go!
Hurry up! Let's go! Let's go!
How bad?
I don't know yet.
(bullet clinks)
Nix!
I'm all right,
I'm all right.
Am I all right?
Yeah. Yeah,
you feel all right?
Yeah, quit looking
at me like that.
Captain,
we got four dead,
11 injured.
Okay, let's
move 'em out.
Oh, and, sir,
Randleman's missing, too.
Randleman?
Yes, sir.
Okay, let's go.
♪ ♪
Where's the Bull?
Don't know.
♪ ♪
(soldiers shouting in German)
(door creaks)
(coughing)
(speaks Dutch)
I never fired a shot,
the whole time.
Find anything out?
About what?
Anything.
What we're
doing next.
No.
Oh, I did hear
one thing.
Lieutenant Brewer's
gonna make it.
What?
Lieutenant Brewer's
gonna make it.
Nah, there's no way.
He's headed
back to England.
They'll probably
send him home.
How is
that possible?
He did turn his head
at the last second,
when Sergeant Randleman
called out to him.
(door creaks)
♪ ♪
(heavy vehicle approaching)
(grunts)
(speaks Dutch)
No.
Just pull...
Fuck.
Just pull it out.
(speaking Dutch)
(man shouting in German)
(engine rumbling)
(speaking German)
Okay.
Here.
(speaking Dutch)
Go, go!
(soldiers laughing)
(soldiers chatting in German)
(urinating)
(airplanes approaching)
(clanging)
(speaking German)
(airplanes grow louder)
(wings fluttering)
(speaking German)
(airplanes roaring overhead)
(screaming)
(shouting in German)
(airplanes roaring)
♪ ♪
Hey, Hoob.
Any news of
the Bull yet?
If there ain't
no body,
then there ain't
nobody fucking dead.
Understand me?
I'm gonna
look for him.
Not by yourself
you're not.
I'll go with you.
Let me get some ammo.
That's okay...
I'll go.
Me, too.
All right.
Go get him.
All right,
what the hell.
I ain't going
back up there.
(vehicle approaching)
Webster,
us or them?
Not us.
(whispers) Stupid.
Stupid.
(speaking Dutch)
Go, go.
♪ ♪
They're bombing
Eindhoven.
Yeah.
Come on, Nix.
We'll dig in
for the night.
Won't be waving so many
orange flags at us tomorrow.
♪ ♪
(engine rumbling)
Where the fuck
you been?
Glad to see
you boys.
Not as glad as us.
Bet you thought we'd given up
on you there, huh, boss?
Shut up, Cobb.
What?
I think we should
go back now.
Hey, Johnny, look.
Bull!
Hey, Johnny.
Get a little lost?
Something like that.
It's good to see you.
You, too.
I don't know whether
to slap you, kiss you,
or salute you.
I told these scallywags
you was okay.
And they
didn't listen?
Nah, these
salty bastards,
they wanted to go
on a suicide run
to drag your ass back.
Is that right?
Yeah, I told 'em
don't bother.
I never did like
this company none.
Hoobler.
Oh, they found you.
Wait, what
did you say?
Johnny, don't
irrigate me!
"They found you"?
I don't know
who's more stupid,
you or the hick.
All right, mount up!
Hup hup,
let's move out!
Grab your gear,
let's go!
Second Platoon.
Grab your gear! Let's go!
First platoon!
Second Squad,
fall in, now!
Cobb, move it.
Dukeman,
round 'em up.
First Platoon.
Grab your gear,
let's go!
Van Kooijk says the Germans
are concentrating
their armor
up near Veghel.
We may be heading
into some more tanks.
Well, as long as
it's only old men and kids.
Yeah.
I don't like
retreating.
First time
for everything.
How are the other divisions
faring up north?
I think we're gonna have to
find another way into Germany.
♪ ♪